2017-18 APA - Self Evaluation

1.) Describe your most notable accomplishments during the past year.
Guiding the Service Desk through two FTE vacancies & hiring cycles, balancing the need to get staffing resources back to 100% with the necessity of making the right hiring choices/additions to the team; 
Guiding the Service Desk through the Windows 10 transition, helping to ensure that the team had the resources necessary to provide our client base with quality information & support, even in the face of deployment issues;
Ensuring that the Service Desk FTE staff received the professional development opportunities to enable the Service Desk to qualify for HDI Team Certification Award once again;
Further inculcating the Service Desk team with the ethos, strategic & tactical goals, and overall customer-centric attitude that is prevalent in both Client Services and the Division;
I'm very pleased with the updates to the position descriptions for Service Desk FTE, especially getting them to match what Service Desk FTE activities are, as well as identifying & codifying the difference between main campus and TWC duties;
Further identifying the ways in which Service Desk/Client Services staffing models at TWC could/need to be evolved in order to best utilize our resources now, in the near future (Fall 2018 with the Nursing program being 100% at TWC), and further in the future (when the Medical School comes online in 2020(?);
While not strictly my accomplishment, I'm proud and grateful for how my team stepped up to accept & handle challenges throughout the year, especially during Hurricane Harvey.

2.) What challenges did you experience in accomplishing your goals and job responsibilities during the past year?
The biggest challenge this year was the nearly 9 months that the Service Desk was running at less than full FTE staffing, especially as this coincided with the Windows 10 upgrade rollout process.
A second challenge was the staffing shortfall at TWC, which exposed a significant risk to meeting our 10mp obligations & goals. While the interim solution & change to my schedule and rotating additional travel for three FTE was definitely challenging, we were able to make it work and meet our obligations while also solidifying working relationships with leadership at TWC;
A third challenge was the changes that were implemented in the FTE hiring process, particularly in the process for filling the Tech I position. Fortunately, flexibility, along with cooperation & communication by leadership, enabled this to be an easily conquered challenge.

3.) What are your key goals for the coming year?
Stop just putting out fires & reacting, and make progress towards developing & implementing more purposeful, proactive, data-based, and client-centric solutions (i.e., Be more mindful in improving the SD);
Position myself for easy renewal of my HDI certification (i.e., Be more mindful in professional development);
Work with new managers in Asset Management & Tech Shop to ease their onboarding transition, and then help identify dysfunctional inter-group processes and replace them with processes that help all three areas benefit while providing top quality, client-centric support (i.e., Be more mindful about teamwork);
Mentor the Service Desk staff, such that we continue to improve processes, communication, understanding, and progress toward making the Service Desk a place that our clients (internal and external) want to consult for reliable support & solutions (i.e., Be more mindful about leadership);
Fix the processes relating to Local Admin Users and Visitor Account administration (i.e., Be mindful about identifying & addressing specific needs).

4.) What areas need development in the coming year?
Prioritization/Time Management;
Communication - Internal (SD) - Particularly documenting important operational information & processes & then communicating them out to the team;
Communication - Internal (IT@Sam) - More clearly articulating SD needs & requirements to other groups, as well as more actively/mindfully soliciting & understanding their needs & requirements;
Communication - External (Clients) - More proactive, mindful communication & engagement with client base;
Budget Planning - Be more proactive & mindful about developing & championing the budgetary components related to requested/planned/proposed improvements to/for the Service Desk.